Updates to the contribution guidelines (#778)
actions/dependency-review-action: CONTRIBUTING.md

[pr]: https://github.com/actions/dependency-review-action/compare
[code-of-conduct]: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

Hi there! We're thrilled that you'd like to contribute to this project.

Contributions to this project are [released](https://help.github.com/articles/github-terms-of-service/#6-contributions-under-repository-license) to the public under the [project's open source license](LICENSE).

Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct][code-of-conduct]. By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

## Bug reports and other issues

If you've encountered a problem, please let us know by [submitting an issue](https://github.com/actions/dependency-review-action/issues/new)!

## Enhancements and feature requests

If you've got an idea for a new feature, please submit as [an issue](https://github.com/actions/dependency-review-action/issues/new) so that the community can see it, and we can discuss it there. We may not be able to respond to every single issue, but will make a best effort!

> If you'd like to make a contribution yourself, we ask that before significant effort is put into code changes, that we have agreement that the change aligns with our strategy for the action. Since GitHub is ultimately the primary maintainer of this action, we want to make sure that contributions are high quality, and that they maintain consistency with the rest of the action's behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to make a contribution yourself, we ask that before significant effort is put into code changes, that we have agreement that the change aligns with our strategy for the action. Since this is a verified Action owned by GitHub we want to make sure that contributions are high quality, and that they maintain consistency with the rest of the action's behavior.
```

I think it's important to underscore verification here, this code has a high watermark in terms of trust.

> 1. Create an [issue discussing the idea](https://github.com/actions/dependency-review-action/issues/new), so that we can discuss it there.

Reviewer 2: ☝️ I think a code snippet here for `npm install` and `npm run test` would be nice, although +1 to the other removals

Author: see https://github.com/actions/dependency-review-action/blob/fbfa3f19c83319cc026a195a3249ba14a538b4d9/CONTRIBUTING.md?plain=1#L44
